hi everyone so I've got good news it's here.
you can finally take your face and put it into a mid-journey image.
and I'm not talking about using Photoshop or like uploading a selfie and re-rolling 3 000
 times and hoping you get lucky.
no this is all done in mid-journey and it is super easy.
so check it out this is an image of Indiana Jones.
The Prompt here was cinematic still 1940s pulp hero Indiana Jones just called him right 
out jungle Adventure aspect ratio 16 9.
and now me as Indiana Jones which is definitely fulfilling some sort of lifelong 
childhood fantasy of mine.
hey just noticed short rounds back there.
all right buckle up we're going for a ride.
so this is Insight face which is an open source library for 2D and 3D face analysis.
if you haven't worked with plugins yet don't stress it's super simple and I'm gonna walk 
you through everything.
the first thing you'll want to do is create a new server in Discord it's very easy to do 
I'm going to very briefly explain it.
you just come down and hit this add a server button that'll create a pop-up create your 
own server just put for me and my friends it's really just for you.
and then name it whatever you want in this case we're going to call it uh inside face 
insightface.
you don't need to upload a picture but you can if you want to hit create and you're 
pretty much done.
you will then want to click on the link that I left below uh which will pop up a browser 
window that looks like this.
all you have to do is add it to your server in this case uh we do go down to Insight face
 and hit continue.
after going through a human check you should be authorized and you can close this window 
down and head back over to Discord.
you'll also want to invite the mid Journey bot over to your new server otherwise your 
forward slash imagine commands aren't going to do anything.
to do that just head over to Mid Journey go into any one of the rooms where images are 
being created in this case I'm just in newbies 50.
find the mid Journey bot who never sleeps over on the sidebar right click on them hit 
profile and then add to server here.
and now it's the same process you just add the mid Journey bot to your new server hit 
continue hit continue to get or authorize again and off we go.
the next thing we'll need to do is give the Insight bot a face to swap um.
so you do so by creating an ID so just come down to General and forward slash save ID 
which will give you a prompt to upload an image.
trying to be as ethical as I can about this I'm just going to use an image of myself.
this is the profile pic that I generally kind of always use.
this was just taken on an iPhone at one of those like selfie stand things um.
it was actually taken by my daughter.
you can see that the background is actually just a backdrop so but I usually crop it in 
it works fine.
so let's load that into Insight face.
at that point you're going to need to name your character um.
it can be anything that you want.
I'm just going to say me.
apparently the character limit is eight um.
so if you've got a much longer name just shorten it down hit enter and you can see ID 
name me has been created.
so at this point you're ready to just start generating images.
as a quick FYI the documentation states that that the image that you supply to Insight 
phase should be forward-facing.
you should not be wearing glasses and they don't want bangs.
I don't know apparently bangs kind of screw something up.
so they also say high quality.
that profile pic image that I used has been crunched down a couple of times uh via 
compression and it's not the greatest quality but it still seems to work.
but you know obviously if you can aim for the highest quality image that you can get.
so continuing on with childhood fantasies uh here is Cinematic still Superman flying in 
the air with an aspect ratio of 16 9.
obviously it very much leans into Henry Cavill uh and the Zack Snyder Superman.
so all we have to do from here is choose one of the images and upscale it.
I'm going to pick that third one because that looks sort of the most realistic in terms 
of face and skin tone.
once it's upscaled we just come over to these three dots over here come down to apps and 
run in swapper.
and after a moment here you go.
yeah this looks really really good slightly just disturbing for me.
but from a technical standpoint it looks very good.
the skin tones are consistent the lighting stays consistent.
this is something that would take like a pretty significant amount of time to do in 
Photoshop.
here we did it in I think it generated in about like less than a minute like I would say 
40 seconds or so.
okay let's take a look at a few more and then I'm going to show you a few limitations.
for this test I was kind of aiming for a royal tannenbaums feel.
so I prompted cinematic still Wes Anderson film Ben Stiller wearing a jogging suit with 
an aspect ratio of 16 9.
and got something that relatively looks like you know Ben Stiller in the Royal 
tannenbaums.
running Insight face gets us this image which does look like me in a Wes Anderson movie 
super weird.
I also decided to hilariously run photograph male dark hair heavy weightlifter gym 
massive barbell big muscles at an aspect ratio of 16 9.
and got this monstrous piece of meat.
and insight phase gives us this which cracks me up.
I actually sent a picture of this over to my wife and she just wrote back no.
so I wanted to test to see if you could do more than just photographic images with this 
as well.
so I prompted highly detailed painting style by Andrew Wyeth.
Andrew Wyeth being the painter who did The Fairly famous Christina's World painting.
a farmer in a rural field with an aspect ratio of 16 9.
and got this which looks very much in line with an Andrew Wyeth painting.
so let's run the face swap on that and we get this which works and also gives me a slight sense of existential dread um.
but yeah that really works.
I will have more hair than that when I get to that age I will.
that last image actually weirded me out so much that I just rolled young farmer.
and got this image and running face swap on that got us this which is actually equally as disturbing in my opinion um.
this is like this boy has seen some hard times some very hard times.
there are limits when you're working with an illustrative style though uh.
for example in this one I went with illustrative style male cyberpunk hero intense gays City street.
and then actually in previous roles it was giving me a lot of song glasses which I didn't want.
so I did no glasses sunglasses.
and this is the image that we got.
running inside face gets us this which looks good.
I mean it does look like me as some like 80s cyberpunk hero um.
but if you look uh the skin tones are definitely much more in a photo-ish tone.
whereas the original definitely had much more of an illustrative brush stroke style to it
